Implementing prerequisites for NuGet publishing (#1)
Assorted-Development/winforms-themes: README.md

# winforms-themes

[![Nuget](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/AssortedDevelopment.WinFormsThemes)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/AssortedDevelopment.WinFormsThemes)
[![Nuget](https://img.shields.io/nuget/dt/AssortedDevelopment.WinFormsThemes)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/AssortedDevelopment.WinFormsThemes)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/Assorted-Development/winforms-themes/actions/workflows/prerelease.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Assorted-Development/winforms-themes/actions/workflows/prerelease.yml)

> This project adds support for themes in .NET WinForms applications. This project supports bothout-of-the-box and custom themes and uses our  [winforms-stylable-controls](https://github.com/Assorted-Development/winforms-stylable-controls) project to style controls which are lacking style support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project adds support for themes in .NET WinForms applications. This project supports both out-of-the-box and custom themes and uses our [winforms-stylable-controls](https://github.com/Assorted-Development/winforms-stylable-controls) project to style controls which are lacking style support.
```

Both ways use the same JSON format for the theme definition(the version defines the format of the file):
```json
{
	"name": "theme-name",
	"capabilities": ["DarkMode", "LightMode", "HighContrast"],
	"version": 2,
	"colors": {
		"backColor": "#082a56",
		"foreColor": "#082a56",
		"buttonBackColor": "#082a56",
		"buttonForeColor": "#082a56",
		"buttonHoverColor": "#082a56",
		"comboBoxItemBackColor": "#082a56",
		"comboBoxItemHoverColor": "#082a56",
		"controlBackColor": "#082a56",
		"controlForeColor": "#082a56",
		"controlHighlightColor": "#082a56",
		"controlHighlightLightColor": "#082a56",
		"controlHighlightDarkColor": "#082a56",
		"controlBorderColor": "#082a56",
		"controlBorderLightColor": "#082a56",
		"listViewHeaderGroupColor": "#082a56",
		"tableBackColor": "#082a56",
		"tableHeaderBackColor": "#082a56",
		"tableHeaderForeColor": "#082a56",
		"tableSelectionBackColor": "#082a56",
		"tableCellBackColor": "#082a56",
		"tableCellForeColor": "#082a56",
		"successBackColor": "#082a56",
		"successForeColor": "#082a56",
		"warningBackColor": "#082a56",
		"warningForeColor": "#082a56",
		"errorBackColor": "#082a56",
		"errorForeColor": "#082a56"
	}
}
```

> If those 2 way are not flexible enough, you can implement a theme for yourself and register it using a custom theme source(see below):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If those 2 ways are not flexible enough, you can implement a theme by yourself and register it using a custom theme source (see below):
```

The prefered way is to subclass `AbstractTheme` as you just need to implement the base colors and optionally override the extended colors - styling the controls is done by the base class.

The more advanced way is implementing the `ITheme` interface. This only supports the basic infrastructure like theme capabilities but the styling is completely in your hands.

### Add custom theme source
If you want to add another theme source besides files and resources (e.g. when implementing custom `ITheme` or `AbstractTheme` implementations) or you just want to change the folder path, you can add a custom `IThemeLookup` implementation which handles the search for available themes:
```csharp
    internal class MyThemeLookup : IThemeLookup
    {

>         public int Order => 999;//highest order wins when 2 Lookups return the same theme name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        public int Order => 999; //highest order wins when 2 lookups return the same theme name
```

        public List<ITheme> Lookup()
        {
            List<ITheme> results = new List<ITheme>();
            //implement search for themes here
            return results;
        }
    }
}
```
After this, you need to register this class using `ThemeRegistry.AddThemeLookupPlugin(new MyThemeLookup());`.

**Note: This has to be done BEFORE any call to `ThemeRegistry.Current`, `ThemeRegistry.Get` or `ThemeRegistry.List` is done, otherwise the list of themes would already be created and the call to `AddThemeLookupPlugin` would fail.**

> ### add third-party controls theme support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Add third-party controls theme support
```

As we do not want to force you to use a specific WinForms control library, we currently only support styling of standard controls and controls from our [winforms-stylable-controls](https://github.com/Assorted-Development/winforms-stylable-controls) project.

> As we understand if you want to also style other controls, we support adding specialised plugins to handle styling of a specific type of control. To do this, you need to implement ``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As we understand you may want to also style other controls, we support adding specialised plugins to handle styling of a specific type of control. To do this, you need to implement ``:
```

```csharp
    internal class MyCustomControlThemePlugin : IThemePlugin
    {
        public void Apply(Control control, AbstractTheme theme)
        {
            MyCustomControl mcc = (MyCustomControl)control;
            //style control based on the colors available in the Theme
        }
    }
```

> At last, you just need to register it for the correct type: `ThemeRegistry.AddThemePlugin<MyCustomControl>(new MyCustomControlThemePlugin());`. This will execute your code whenever a Control of the type `MyCustomControl` is detected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At last, you just need to register it for the correct type: `ThemeRegistry.AddThemePlugin<MyCustomControl>(new MyCustomControlThemePlugin());`. This will execute your code whenever a `Control` of the type `MyCustomControl` is detected.
```
